in this stuffing recipe one of our top
10 recipes from 2008 toasted pumpkin
seeds at extra crunch and flavor to a
rich stuffing of cornbread spanish
chorizo and roasted peppers the dressing
can either be baked inside the big bird
or by itself as described in the recipe
you can also prepare the stuffing the
day before then bake it the day of to
keep things easy here's how it goes go
ahead and start by setting your oven to
375 degrees while the oven is heating
gently toss about 10 cups of cubed
cornbread with a drizzle of pumpkin seed
oil fresh thyme oregano a little salt
and several grinds of pepper spread the
cubes in a single layer on a large
foil-lined baking sheet and toast for 20
to 25 minutes until lightly golden shake
the pan every 5 to 10 minutes for even
coloring cool then place in a large bowl
meanwhile toss one and a half cups of
pumpkin seeds with another tablespoon of
pumpkin seed oil add a little salt and
several grinds of pepper place the seeds
on a foil-lined sheet and toast until
fragrant puffed and lightly golden about
ten minutes remove to cool then add to
the cornbread roast a few poblano
chilies on the stovetop directly over a
hot burner until charred on all sides
wrap the chilies in plastic wrap and set
aside until cool enough to handle then
peel the charred skin be sure you don't
run the Chili's underwater as this will
remove the flavor along with the skin
have the Chili's lengthwise then stem
and seed cut the halves crosswise into
thin strips and add that to the
cornbread mix in a large skillet add
some butter and olive oil along with
slice spanish chorizo and cook it until
it's lightly browned remove the chorizo
with a slotted spoon leaving all that
fat and flavor in the pan add the
chorizo to the cornbread stir in the
corn and onions into the pan and season
with a little salt and pepper cook the
mix stirring occasionally until the
cornice crisp-tender and the onions have
softened and are translucent stir in the
garlic and cook until it's aromatic
then add the white wine scrape any
flavorings from the bottom of the pan
and cook until the wine is almost
completely evaporated cool everything
slightly then add to the stuffing
mixture season the mixture with a little
cumin and Spanish paprika taste it and
then season with a little more salt if
needed quick tip the stuffing can be
made ahead of time right to this point
just cover everything up and refrigerate
until needed to finish the stuffing
drizzle over some melted butter for
richness and chicken broth to moisten
spoon the stuffing in a buttered baking
dish or casserole cover with foil and
place in the oven bake for 20 minutes to
marry the flavors then remove the cover
and continue to bake until the top is
lightly toasted and there you have it